I'll be nice and show you my hideout today.
Get in.
I'll just go alone today...
Stop talking.
May I help you?
I need to talk to Geu Rim.
About what?
Why don't you talk to me, since you're our DJ?
I will speak alone with her.
- I'll talk with him... - Stay out of it.
Soo Ho, talk with me...
I did the show as agreed,
and I plan to do it like this again.
Must I deal with you two, who are always emotional?
I plan to do it my way. If you two keep this up,
I can't trust you as my business partner.
Excuse me, Soo Ho.
Go home.
Seriously.
Are you both going to keep this up?
Fine, then I'm leaving.
- Hey. - You two resolve it.
That little punk.
Why won't you let us have a single day of peace?
I'm the one that's supposed to be mad.
Isn't that Ji Soo Ho?
- It is. - It's Ji Soo Ho.
He's so handsome.
Let's talk elsewhere.
You're so paranoid about people watching.
Where else could you curse me out?
Should we go to my place or to Myeongdong?
Should we go to Hongdae?
Let's go to my house. Follow my car.
Why are you...
Why that...
What the... That little...
So, when is your radio show on?
It'll be on three days from now.
The studio is flipping out about my script.
Don't be shocked when you listen.
The opening is amazing.
Daughter. Is something wrong?
You promised not to do that to me.
Pretending to be okay, like everything is okay.
I can see all of that, okay?
The truth is,
my script was scrapped.
So what?
You need to get scrapped and hurt when you grow.
You shouldn't expect to grow only on compliments.
I guess you're right.
Mom, but...
I want to kill Ji Soo Ho and Lee Gang.
Seriously...
The two of them are driving me insane.
Nothing will happen with them, right?
Excuse me!
You know, about today's show...
It was super boring. Was it fun for you?
Do you do shows for fun?
Do we do visual radios or anything?
We don't plan to.
Are you not confident with just audio?
Win via audio? Give me a break.
Isn't visual radio the way to go?
It's not like they're artists being sponsored.
"The value of radio"?
That's an old-fashioned way of thinking.
It's always the dumb ones...
that act like they study outside of school.
What about our guests?
Who are our guests?
What about the list of star guests?
I need the time...
to review the list with my team.
We won't be inviting any stars to the booth.
We already have a star named Ji Soo Ho.
Don't be so abstract and impromptu.
Forward me the proposal...
What proposal?
Listen.
Radio on camera.
Abstract. Impromptu.
Are they what you talked about with your team?
Hey.
I want to hear your own thoughts.
Think before you speak.
Do you think all will work with JH Entertainment?
How are you going to meet...
their expectations after getting sponsored?
What? What?
Did you forget how we used to beg...
to get sponsors?
You can't even direct.
I had enough.
Give me your guest list.
I said, hand it over!
Your writers were just as horrible.
Why do you only reject Geu Rim's?
Why are you talking casually to me?
If it bothers you, you can do the same.
By the way, I deleted it.
- Delete what? - The first recording.
If you keep doing whatever you want,
I'll keep deleting it since that's my right.
That's all my job entails, right?
I'm thirsty.
(Soju)
Do you want some?
The lunatic is out of reach.
I'm so scared.
He left with Soo Ho.
Geu Rim, take a look at this.
Gosh.
What are you doing?
I said, what are you doing?
- Gosh. - I'm speechless.
Are you trying to drive me crazy?
What?
I'm sorry. Stop.
Hey, call the police!
Call the police!
Are you going to throw your headset again?
No! I won't throw it.
- I'll really murder you. - Sir. Sir.
The DJ suffered panic disorder afterwards.
He quit right away.
(Monsoon: Geu Rim, take a look at this.)
I found it!
This is how he brought the DJ back the next day.
Drive over me...
if you want to leave radio.
- Hey! - What?
Move it!
We can work together,
or you can drive over me.
Gosh...
Gosh, no.
I'm sure nothing will happen.
Do you want some?
By the way, you didn't threaten to quit the show.
I'm far from someone...
who quits and gives up.
Same with me.
I never lost in my life.
Me neither.
However, I can't work with you.
Either I quit, or you should quit.
There are so many production directors.
How can I work with someone who threatens me?
Exactly.
Your contract with Geu Rim is ridiculous.
A contract is based on mutual trust.
It's a document that proves an agreement.
Don't you know?
Then,
you must always follow what you signed, right?
You think mutual trust is important.
Of course.
What?
Are you going to lie again and say you can't drink?
How boring.
In all my life,
I've never lost in a fight.
I'm going to do...
everything in my power...
to beat Song Geu Rim.
You're not in this alone.
We're doing it together. Remember?
Do you know...
how many DJs quit because of me?
Do you know how many...
production directors quit because of me?
Your team is terrible.
They don't know anything about radios.
Your proposal was pretty garbage too.
I don't know much about radio,
but I could tell your proposal was bad.
If...
our next proposal doesn't make it,
I'll quit.
Please. That's my wish.
Guess what? I've never lost in my life.
And you think I have?
I'm Lee Gang.
I'm Ji Soo Ho.
More.
By the way,
I can't get in touch with Mr. Lee since yesterday.
Did any of you get through to him?
He must be sitting in a corner...
and saying, "Namaste".
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
(The last graduation)
Hello. I'm a teacher...
at Dongil Elementary School...
in Inje County.
We only have a few days until our school...
holds the last graduation ceremony.
That's why I'm writing here.
What do you think about the graduation posting?
Can we turn that into a segment?
Why are you working so hard?
No matter what we do,
Ji Soo Ho's staff will turn it down anyway.
Don't work so hard.
I'm glad they have a planning team.
It makes it easier for us.
(Ji Soo Ho's Radio Romance)
What is that?
- What is that? - What?
What did you just say?
"No matter what we do,"
"Ji Soo Ho's staff will turn it down anyway"?
I'm sorry.
Write the opening, bridge, and closing...
for this in one hour.
In one hour?
What is it?
You better not tell me you can't do it.
No...
Hey.
Shut your mouth and make a new song list.
Yes. It was already shut.
Your research was garbage.
That's why the writing was horrible.
Did you put up a posting about postcards?
Do your job!
None of you can go home.
If you come up with something Soo Ho declines,
then I'll kill you.
Hey. I thought...
he changed personalities...
after his trip.
It was all a show!
He's back to being a lunatic.
His good personality only lasted a month.
I want to quit.
It's too difficult.
Don't be like that.
After 3 weeks, it will be 3 months.
If you last 3months, it'd be 3 years already.
Gosh. That lunatic.
What happened with Soo Ho yesterday?
Your first radio show is airing today, right?
How was the recording...
Soo Ho.
How much...
do you plan to change?
How big a change is it to have a drink?
Why are you here?
You insisted on doing it, so don't let it hurt me.
I came to tell you that.
If you're going to do it, do it right.
- Can you do that? - I should.
Please leave. I need to go to the show soon.
You drive today.
Sure.
Did you speak with the station manager...
regarding Jin Tae Ri?
Yes, I called him. He said he understood.
Jay! Look at all the articles about us.
"The top idol Jay's transformation into a DJ."
- Did you dye your hair? - Is it okay?
It's awesome.
Okay, everyone. Gather round.
- Hello. - Yes, sir.
She's our writer, he's our production director,
and she's our DJ.
- And she is? - Our guest.
Pardon? "Our guest"?
- Say hi. - There was no mention...
of a guest.
Hi. I'm Jin Tae Ri. You know me, right?
Why would we have a loser for our guest?
What? Hey, lady.
I'm standing here. I hear everything.
Oh, my gosh.
What are you doing?
JH's CEO asked me herself.
JH is the reason we're starting nice and big.
We should do this much.
She looks stubborn.
Hello, Jin Tae Ri. I'm the writer, La La Hee.
I expected to join Soo Ho's show.
- Is this old lady good? - Old... Old...
She is good... This "old lady".
Jay. Don't you know me?
I won a best child actor award in 98.
I was born in 99, so...
It looks like I'll have a lot to teach you.
Look.
A selfie with Jay.
Oh, my. My face is smaller.
I'm going on the radio.
Yes. Is this the teacher from Dongchon...
who posted a story on our website?
Yes. Are you free now for a telephone interview?
I'm preparing a graduation event.
Can we speak later?
Sure, I understand. I'll call later.
Okay.
Jin Tae Ri?
Jin Tae Ri, right?
You were the child actress in...
"Love is An Emergency Landing".
Oh, my gosh. Who are you?
You won an award for that in 98, right? Didn't you?
I haven't seen you in a while.
Funny seeing you here.
Can we take a picture?
Sure, if you want.
Thank you.
I've been a fan ever since your child acting days.
I used to cry along with you every time,
although I don't own a TV and don't watch much now.
Do you want my autograph? My phone number?
Do you mean it?
Well...
Just a minute.
Yes, Mr. Lee.
Ji Soo Ho is here? I'll be right there.
I'm terribly sorry. I'll see you around.
Ji Soo Ho?
If my show doesn't succeed,
I'll quit.
Please, that's what I want.
I've never lost once.
Like I have?
Why are you two still out here? We have 10.
Soo Ho, just a minute.
About today's show...
I'll kill you.
I just want to wish you luck.
Let's go.
Go ahead.
Soo Ho.
I'm sure if you do...
as you've prepared again, the show will do well.
Good luck.
Here's a request from 0827.
"My boyfriend keeps asking me to go away,"
"but I don't know how to ask my parents."
"My dad is super strict..."
"and won't let me take an overnight trip."
That's what she said.
Hello, 0827.
We'll connect you in 10 seconds.
The person who wrote is waiting.
We'll connect her after the song.
Hello, 0827.
Hello. I'm Kim Byul from Busan.
Hello. Thank you for your post.
You must be torn between your boyfriend...
and your father.
What should I do?
My boyfriend wants to break up if I don't go.
Yes, well... Conversation is important...
in all relationships. You're an adult too,
so why don't you discuss it with your father?
You punk! Who are you?
Why do you keep calling my daughter?
Shouldn't we disconnect?
Well... So... That's not it.
That's not what? What's your name?
Why are you calling my teenage daughter...
and hitting on her?
Stay calm. Explain that you're on the radio.
Well, sir. I'm a DJ...
Don't give me no "sir" garbage.
Don't you dare call again.
I'll boil you in hot water...
- Oh no. - and pull out all your...
I'll play billiards with your eyeballs.
How could you play billiards with my eyes?
I'll drain the color from your eyes, you jerk!
If you drain the color...
Why don't we disconnect?
We should start over.
Mr. Lee. Let's disconnect and start over.
We're on live.
Calm down, and follow the script.
Let us...
take a music break.
What was that?
Go back and sit. This is a short song.
Soo Ho. You need to continue the live show.
(Story and requested song)
Say something!
Three.
Four.
It's a big problem if this lasts for seven seconds.
That was close.
Hey!
Close the door.
This is crazy.
Did he really do that?
(Did Ji Soo Ho Not Know He Was Live?)
This is crazy.
Gosh.
What are you doing?
I told you, no live shows.
Did you forget?
Well...
I was just following our contract.
(Live shows: Okay)
Don't you remember last night?
What?
You did a live show without him knowing?
Don't you guys communicate?
You should talk to each other.
Is this a dictatorship?
I'm sorry.
All right...
I'm sure it's not your fault.
Crazy Gang probably came up with this. Right?
Hey.
Will Ji Soo Ho forgive you for this?
Yes. Hold on.
Sign up there.
- Good. - Hey.
Done?
(Radio DJ Contract)
You didn't want to share your strategy,
so I decided to do the same.
It's an eye for an eye.
How does this make sense?
"A contract is based on mutual trust."
"It's a document that proves an agreement."
A contract is based on mutual trust.
It's a document that proves an agreement.
Don't you know that?
Let's try our best...
according to the contract.
Mr. DJ,
let me warn you.
If you get on my nerves in my booth,
I will murder you.
Mr. Lee, let me warn you as well.
If you damage my career...
because of your stubbornness,
I'll be the one murdering you.
[VIU Ver] KBS2 E05 Radio Romance "Accidently Live"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
We need to talk.
Did you embarrass him on purpose?
It's an item we agreed on.
In agreement?
Yes.
It looks like you need to find a new agreement.
Should I get rid of the phone,
or the video?
I'll do it myself.
Thank you.
I can just restore it.
Record 10 or 100 shows...
and make sure to use them to avoid accidents.
Otherwise, your show will be canceled again.
Also,
you should help Ji Soo Ho feel better.
That's a part of your job.
You know what I mean, right?
Yes?
Good.
Ji Soo Ho!
Soo Ho.
Did you know...
about what happened today or not?
I'm sorry.
I was going to tell you in advance,
but Mr. Lee wanted to surprise you.
Item number three says...
I can quit whenever I want.
I told you...
I will decide after trying it for a month.
I'm still thinking about it.
Wait, hold on.
Then, take this with you.
I'm going to go crazy...
from having DJs disappear on me.
It would be a lifesaver.
Please pick up when I call you.
Ms. Song.
That's enough.
Why do you always make unexpected situations...
Let's go.
It won't happen again.
Each day is so eventful.
(Did Ji Soo Ho Not Know He Was Live?)
Fire everyone on Soo Ho's planning team.
You're dismissed.
I'll be there soon. Just give me five minutes.
Soo Ho is acting cute.
Your son must be crazy! Are you...
just going to let him act like that?
I'll go find him right now and give him...
Sit down.
I'll talk to him.
I said, sit down.
Is that you, Ms. La?
How are the preparations coming along?
I did the best I could,
so it's your turn to show me your best.
Sign up there.
(Radio DJ Contract)
(Ji Soo Ho's chair)
I'm waiting for the day...
you'll sit here and talk to me seriously.
I'm playing hard to get.
Don't look for me.
You punk! Who are you?
- That's not it. - What's your name?
If you ever call her again...
"A contract is based on mutual trust."
"It's a document that proves an agreement."
Don't you know that?
If you get on my nerves in my booth,
I will murder you.
Please pick up if I call.
Hey, Seventh Year.
I hear you were fired.
Pardon?
Aren't you angry?
Geu Rim is doing well after winning over a guy.
When will you guys ever be main writers?
Go buy me a sandwich.
I have no one to run errands for me now...
with Geu Rim gone.
Hi.
I heard you wanted me.
Sit down.
Guys, leave. This is among main writers.
Geu Rim.
Will you do something for me?
Yes? How may I help you?
That.
What you used to do for me when you worked with me.
All of these?
What choice do I have?
I don't have an assistant writer yet.
(Ji Soo H's Radio Flop)
Ji Soo Ho's radio show will be a bust.
It isn't your personal show.
It was disrespectful.
- Mishaps are the best. - I bet he was flustered.
I wish I could've seen the look on his face.
(Ji Soo Ho's manager)
Hi, Lady Kamikaze.
I'm mad at Soo Ho, so I'm keeping a distance.
Is something up?
I saw the articles. He messed up big time.
Is he okay?
Yes, he is.
Soo Ho? Darn it.
Jay's Let's Meet At 6PM begins today.
To celebrate, Jay will treat!
How many callers are waiting?
Eight.
Sinchon is ready, right?
- Okay! - Okay, let's do this!
If you know the answer,
Santa is waiting in Sinchon.
He'll give the gift to the first to arrive.
The first question is, how many members...
- are there in my... - For which drama...
did I, Jin Tae Ri, win best child actor?
Can you guess?
What? What is she doing?
- Okay. - I knew it.
- Darn it. - Ji Soo Ho was in it too.
We were like Yeo Jin Goo and Kim So Hyun back then.
Okay. Highlight, correct.
4422. You got it right.
- Darn it. - If you go to Sinchon...
I knew she'd do this.
Darn it.
4422!
- Congratulations. - Here you go.
- I'll take your picture. - A picture?
1, 2, 3.
3875! Congratulations!
- Here you go. - Okay.
0914!
Congratulations.
You got the biggest one.
Would you like a picture? Congratulations.
Okay! Please tune in and listen...
to Jay's Let's Meet At 6PM.
Thank you!
After this song is over,
head to Hongdae for your gift.
Here's your gift. Congratulations.
Would you like a picture?
1, 2, 3.
- That looks good. - Thank you!
3324!
Congratulations.
Here you go.
1, 2, 3.
Congratulations.
Here, have some pastries.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
Thank you.
I crave a drink every single day.
I can't even count how many main writers...
we have above me.
Do you know whose fault it is...
that we're treated like this?
Why? Whose fault is it?
Geu Rim.
That's not right.
Geu Rim...
is playing Santa alone in February.
Don't you pity her?
Then she should just go to JH.
They have a lot of writers.
JH seems to have her back.
What do you mean?
Well, they wrote a separate contract,
and she's always going to JH's office.
Hey.
If you don't know, just keep your mouth shut.
Have you guys seen the contract...
Ji Soo Ho and Geu Rim signed?
Ta-da. Here.
Here.
Why is the writer who won over Ji Soo Ho sulking?
Well,
I just can't figure out life.
What do you mean?
I mean, I finally became a main writer,
but I can't do the show with my writing,
and the other writers are growing distant.
Even today, I was exhausted...
from playing Santa all day,
but these things warm me up.
Sir.
Why does life flip flop so much?
It's sweet, then bitter. Why is that? Why?
Stop acting so old, discussing life like that.
Is it old?
Commenting about life at every hurdle...
is crazy old, you know.
Come on. You never take my side even once.
Wait for me.
Why do the senior writers all write so well?
If I write in a room like this,
I'd probably get super inspired...
and write very well.
As if.
Wouldn't it be so nice...
if my team could do our show here?
Did you listen to my show yesterday?
Yesterday was too hectic.
We had the mishap on our show too.
10-year fan? That's all useless, right?
Come on. That's not true.
Did you know how the Post-It was invented?
The Post-It was a failed product...
while trying to make strong adhesive.
It was a failure that became a hit.
Geu Rim.
Keep jumping into things you think are failures...
so that you can turn failures into hits.
"A failure can become a success."
(Actor Ji Soo Ho Makes Mistake on Radio)
It was still funny when he made the mistake.
I'm going to tune in tomorrow too.
It's so nice to hear his voice on the radio.
(Ji Soo Ho to Collaborate with Kim Sang Soo!)
(Ji Soo Ho)
Excuse me.
You can't go in.
Ms. Nam, I was a big hit today.
I even made it to the top of the search engine.
Did you listen to the radio?
How is this dress on me...
for the next JH donation party?
It's in two weeks, right?
Won't you buy it as a gift for me...
so I can wear it?
Excuse me.
Yes?
From here to here.
Okay, I'll prepare them.
They're for you.
I better change department stores.
This place isn't very good.
What are you trying to do?
Don't inconvenience him.
Director Kim Sang Soo will come in 10 minutes.
Sit down.
Also, quit the radio show.
You must know why...
even if I don't tell you.
Take it easy, son.
I'm here because of you.
The reality show...
won't last longer than a month.
Just a month.
Then, we'll be comfortable for a year.
Okay?
Let's eat.
Whose phone is that?
That's not your ringtone.
(Mom)
Did you buy a phone?
No.
(Mom)
Hello?
What?
One moment.
Excuse me.
I'm the guy you talked to on the phone.
I'm Geu Rim's friend.
Can we listen to the radio?
Have you calmed down?
Yes. My bag was snatched away so suddenly.
It's not my first time,
but I was nervous without my wallet.
Thank you so much.
By the way,
did you listen to Geu Rim's show yesterday?
Yes.
Ji Soo Ho was so cute.
He seems like the DJ on her show.
He must be a rude jerk.
I'll help...
I'll...
I thought...
you couldn't climb stairs on your own.
It was a lie.
I wanted to hold your hand...
and make you dinner.
Sit down.
I really want to make you some food.
But...
Are you staring at me in amazement?
No. No, ma'am.
When you can't see,
there are a lot more you can see.
Since I can't see,
I can tell...
what a wonderful voice my daughter's friend has.
You can smell kindness from kind people.
In life,
you might lose one, but gain much more.
Now, sit down.
Sit and eat. Come on.
Enjoy your food.
I'm a pretty good cook.
Go on.
Ji Soo Ho.
- Why... - Geu Rim.
I became best friends with the jerk.
Mom.
What are you talking about?
Soo Ho isn't a jerk...
He is, isn't he?
No.
Here. Have some.
Thank you.
Here.
Thank you, honey.
That smells good.
Mother, I want some soup.
Come in.
What?
Have some of this.
Right.
Mother.
I was going to give it to you after dinner,
but this is the new edition.
Thank you, Mr. Lee.
Don't call me that.
We always eat together.
We're like a mom and a son.
Really?
After this, we'll have tea at my place.
- Okay. - Okay.
Due to yoga and herbal tea,
my mind is at ease.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
Newbie, where's the script?
Hold on. I'll bring it over now.
Are we going to go live tomorrow too?
You were born to DJ live.
Thanks to you,
our show will get the most number of listeners.
What if I refuse?
You wouldn't.
I know a little about you,
and you don't have the guts.
You can't inconvenience others.
Especially if it's something you promised.
Let's see. What else? It's also on the contract.
You don't have the guts to go against it.
You remember what you said, right?
You'll quit if I don't like the proposal.
I'm still allowed to leave after a month of trial.
- Soo Ho. - What?
This plant's name is Soo Ho.
It's our guardian angel for the radio.
Soo Ho.
You need to watch your temper.
That's the only way you can grow big.
Mr. Lee.
This is the segment and the opening.
Not bad.
Although, I'm not sure if they will select it.
I'll get going.
Here. This is the scarf you lent me before.
You were the owner of that scarf?
No wonder.
You need to fix the opening.
- Tonight, we'll work... - No.
I need your help with training tonight.
Excuse me.
Mother.
Could I borrow your daughter tonight?
Hey. Soo Ho.
I'm worried about tomorrow.
Right.
I'm always nervous when we go on live.
So, teach me.
Sure. I'll teach you well.
Do you know the electric wave equation?
We cannot see it, but a reflective layer...
is sitting in the sky. This is what makes it...
possible for us to do radio shows.
Radio sounds...
turn into light in the sky.
Like so. Sparkle.
That's why the sounds we make on the radio...
become lights somewhere in the sky.
Sounds sent in by our listeners,
and the sounds you and I make in the booth...
are shining in the sky.
This is radio.
We make sounds turn into light.
This is the legendary booth of 40 years.
You saw it in the video I sent you, right?
My mom...
got her eye surgery when I was 14 years old.
Ever since then, I left the television off.
I didn't want to laugh or cry...
while seeing a world my mom couldn't see.
That's how I felt when I was young.
Instead, the radio was always on at home.
I wanted to hear the world she was hearing.
But I fell in love after a while.
All of the stories were relatable.
I felt like they were my stories.
That's how I was consoled.
I learned to cheer up.
On radio,
seven seconds of silence is considered an accident.
That's when we must play a song on standby first.
You didn't say anything for seven seconds then.
That's a really long time on the radio.
Here.
Stay silent for seven seconds.
It feels long, right?
That's why you must not go silent.
When you're startled, just press this.
The DJ can play the music from here. Got it?
Also, I noticed that you saw the email.
Yes.
How was the manuscript?
I mean... Did you read it?
Yes, I did.
I passed the first step.
I'm curious...
about you.
(Radio Romance)
We're going to find some sponsors.
The one that scores can have his way.
Isn't it strange?
Why are they sponsoring us instead of their son?
I'm going to use Soo Ho in every way I can.
I know his past, and you have the evidence.
There must be an accident. We're stuck.
Get to the nearby transmitting station.
I don't think we can air. I'm sorry.
I'm curious about something.